feat: add `allowSeparateTypeImports` option to `no-duplicate-imports` (#19872)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/rules/no-duplicate-imports.md

```

:::

### allowSeparateTypeImports

> TypeScript allows specifying a `type` keyword on imports to indicate that the export exists only in the type system, not at runtime. This allows transpilers to drop imports without knowing the types of the dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TypeScript allows importing types using `import type`. By default, this rule flags instances of `import type` that have the same specifier as `import`. The `allowSeparateTypeImports` option allows you to override this behavior.
```
